README.md, before:

India's covid-19 Data Analytics
==============================

A file structure template, development environment and rule set for python data analytics projects on the data analytics team

**About Project**
------------
This is about analysing India's covid 19 data using python

**Project Tech stack Used:**
------------
* Data Set Obtained from: kaggle
* Project Description:
* No. Of. Engineers: 1
* Python Package Manager and Deployment: anaconda
* Tool: jupyter notebook
* Libraries:Numpy,pandas,seaborn,matplotlib

What Is This?
-------------

This is a Python Jupyter Notebook file that collects, analyzes the Covid-19 data for India and give a skeptical view about the condition that India is dealing with in today's Second wave. Current Data manifests the details of Second wave in India and gives the details of Recovery Rate against the Total cases and also the Deaths against Total Cases.

**Note**: This data is obtained from Kaggle data set.

**Pre-Requisites needed to work on this project:**
------------
* Python: pip 20.2.3
* Anaconda: conda 4.10.1
* Numpy: 1.20.1
* Pandas: 1.2.4
* seaborn: 0.11.1
* matplotlib: 3.3.4

How It Works
---------------

1. Clone the repository in your local machine
2. Open the Jupyter notebook file in your

Data is processed using pandas and numpy , data visulation is done by using seaborn
Data is read by using pandas

Commit message:

Final Commit to Readme file
Final Commit to Readme file

README.md, after:

India's covid-19 Data Analytics
==============================

A file structure template, development environment and rule set for python data analytics projects on the data analytics team

**About Project**
------------
This is about analysing India's covid 19 data using python

**Project Tech stack Used:**
------------
* Data Set Obtained from: kaggle
* Project Description:
* No. Of. Engineers: 1
* Python Package Manager and Deployment: anaconda
* Tool: jupyter notebook
* Libraries:Numpy,pandas,seaborn,matplotlib

What Is This?
-------------

This is a Python Jupyter Notebook file that collects, analyzes the Covid-19 data for India and give a skeptical view about the condition that India is dealing with in today's Second wave. Current Data manifests the details of Second wave in India and gives the details of Recovery Rate against the Total cases and also the Deaths against Total Cases.

**Note**: This data is obtained from Kaggle data set.

**Pre-Requisites needed to work on this project:**
------------
* Python: pip 20.2.3
* Anaconda: conda 4.10.1
* Numpy: 1.20.1
* Pandas: 1.2.4
* seaborn: 0.11.1
* matplotlib: 3.3.4

How It Works
---------------

1. Clone the repository in your local machine
2. Open Anaconda Prompt in the project location
3. Type command `ipython notebook covid -19 india-checkpoint`
4. It will open the notebook in the default browser
5. Once the code is loaded, From "Cell -> Run All"
6. Then after couple of seconds your code will be executed and will give the desired result.


Data is processed using pandas and numpy , data visulation is done by using seaborn
Data is read by using pandas
